Create Contributing-to-the-Wiki.md (#2380)
foundryvtt/dnd5e: wiki/Contributing-to-the-Wiki.md

## Style Guide
When submitting a Markdown file for consideration for the Wiki, we ask you to follow the style guide outlined here, this will ensure consistency between all of our wiki pages.

### Markdown Formatting
Use [GitHub's Basic Formatting Syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#headings) as a guide on how to format text with Markdown, as GitHub does not support all general Markdown formatting you may find in other guides.

### Assets
When taking a screenshot or screen recording, all modules should be disabled. The wiki is intended for core System functionality only.
When adding an image or video, first upload the asset to the original Issue created for the update. This will provide us with a reliable link to that asset for use between your Fork and the dnd5e system.  
- Images
    - I dunno, any guidelines here?

>     - Recommended software for taking and annotating screenshots?

Reviewer: I don't know of any guidelines here, or have any software recommendations, personally. If anyone else does, feel free to include them, otherwise let's delete this bit for now.

- Videos
    - Webm preferred? Does is matter?

>     - Recommended software to capture video?

Reviewer: Similar to above but worth mentioning that GH has a 10M file upload limit so it's worth mentioning that, and that keeping the dimensions of the video small, such as only the size of the dialog box you are demoing is a good way to keep within the 10M limit.

Author: Added information about the size limit, thanks for the info!

### File Names and Links
The name of your Markdown file is what will be used for the name of the Wiki Page in the table of contents, with hyphens turning into spaces, so `My-first-Wiki-page.md` will become `My first Wiki page`. 
When you want to link to another page in the wiki, in your file make sure to link to the Markdown file in the `wiki` folder, the GitHub Action will automatically strip the `.md` extension and generate the appropriate link to the wiki page, for example linking to `[Hyperlink Text](Advancement-Type-Hit-Points.md)` in your documents will always generate a link to `[Hyperlink Text](https://github.com/foundryvtt/dnd5e/wiki/Advancement-Type-Hit-Points)` in the Wiki.  
Always make sure to update the `Home.md` file with a link to your new Markdown file.

### That little version tag?

> ***Do we want to have the version tag at the top of all of our docs to reflect the version the page was last updated?***  

Reviewer: I think it's been pretty useful to have a badge to mention up to what version the information is accurate for. Whether we want to include the actual time the page was last updated I'm less concerned about, but it's generally useful to have that information somewhere.

https://github.com/foundryvtt/dnd5e/assets/86370342/251f4dc6-9f40-4ec0-966b-e1caeadc31e8

### Submit a PR 
You will now be able to submit those changes back to the DnD5e system via a [pull request (PR)](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects#making-a-pull-request) against the `publish-wiki` branch.  
From the main page of your repo, click the `Contribute` button and `Open pull request` for the system. When submitting a PR for the wiki, make sure the base repository is `foundryvtt/dnd5e` and the base branch is `publish-wiki`. Give the PR a name, and reference your original issue in the description.

> Your PR is now submitted and will be reviewed by the Dnd5e team!

Reviewer: Just to avoid any confusion here with the actual 'DnD5e' team:
```suggestion
Your PR is now submitted and will be reviewed by the repo maintainers!
```

Example: Review the PR created for submitting this document you're currently reading here: [Create Contributing-to-the-Wiki.md](https://github.com/foundryvtt/dnd5e/pull/2380)  

https://github.com/foundryvtt/dnd5e/assets/86370342/ad48b9d5-5d44-4fce-84bf-dbf097b64438

## Updating your PR

> You may want to make changes to your files, or may be asked to make changes by the DnD5e team. To do this, you will make those changes to the branch that your PR originated from, any new commits to your branch will automatically be applied to the PR for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to make changes to your files, or may be asked to make changes by the repo maintainers. To do this, you will make those changes to the branch that your PR originated from, any new commits to your branch will automatically be applied to the PR for review.
```

## Merging the PR

> The DnD5e team will merge your PR once all appropriate changes are made, the GitHub Action will automatically run, and your submission will be added to the Wiki page!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repo maintainers will merge your PR once all appropriate changes are made, the GitHub Action will automatically run, and your submission will be added to the Wiki page!
```
